.TH "ICSClient" 3 "Tue Apr 14 2015" "Version 1.0" "VirtualSCADA" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ICSClient \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits object\&.
.PP
Inherited by \fBModbusClient\fP\&.
.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBICSClientException\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBNoSuchPointError\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBreadPoints\fP (self, points)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBwritePoints\fP (self, pointsvalues)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
Abstract base class for ICS protocol clients.
Because there may be confusion between similarly named servers and
clients, the client defines a class member _CLIENT, which
can be checked at runtime.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file ics_clients\&.py\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def __init__ ( self,  to_config,  slave_points,  from_config = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Initializes the ICS client from configuration information
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file ics_clients\&.py\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def readPoints ( self,  points)"

.PP
.nf
Method to return points from a given device. A single call to this
    method will generate one or more protocol requests of the server of
    objects. Inheriting clients will interpret the best way to request 
    each point, whether it be individually or in groups. This is
    necessary to provide a neutral interface to different ICS protocols.
    Each protocol has different semantics towards polling values of
    points.
@param device Name of the device to be polled
@param points Iterable of names of points to be polled

@returns A tuple of values of the points polled in the order that they
    were requested.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file ics_clients\&.py\&.
.SS "def writePoints ( self,  pointsvalues)"

.PP
.nf
Method to set points on a given device. A single call to this
    method will generate one or more protocol requests of the server of
    objects. Inheriting clients will interpret the best way to write each
    point, whether it be individually or in groups. Base clients 
@param device Name of the device to be polled
@param pointsvalues List of tuples of (names of point to be written,
                value)

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file ics_clients\&.py\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for VirtualSCADA from the source code\&.
