.TH "udp" 3 "Tue Apr 14 2015" "Version 1.0" "VirtualSCADA" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
udp \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBvirtual\fP\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, \fBsport\fP=None, \fBrecipients\fP=None, \fBtimeout\fP=None, kwds)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBinitialize\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetMessage\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsendMessage\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBshutdown\fP (self)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMAX_UDP_DATA_LEN\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsport\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrecipients\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtimeout\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsock\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
Interface to UDP communications.

This class provides the common interface to a UDP socket. All constructor
fields must be defined before calling initialize(), or the socket calls will
fail.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file ifaces\&.py\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def __init__ ( self,  sport = \fCNone\fP,  recipients = \fCNone\fP,  timeout = \fCNone\fP,  kwds)"

.PP
.nf
udp interface constructor.

@param sport local port to listen for information (bind())
@param recipients list of tuples of form (ipaddress, port). If more than
one recipient is listed, then calls to sendMessage() will send
the message to each recipient in the list. A single tuple of
form (ipaddress, port) can also be provided.
@param timeout Float of number of seconds for a blocking getMessage
        call to block. If None, calls will block indefinitely.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file ifaces\&.py\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def getMessage ( self,  block = \fCTrue\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Waits on a message to arrive from the UDP socket. 
    
    @param block Determines if calls will block until self.timeout or not. 
        Default is to block.
    @throws socket.timeout If the timeout is reached before a message
                    is received
    @throws socket.error If a non-blocking call has nothing to recieve.
     value will be errno.EWOULDBLOCK. Non-blocking calls should
     check the errno of the exception and reraise the exception
     if it's not errno.EWOULDBLOCK
    @returns A string consisting of the received message, or None on 
        timeout or socket.error.errnum==EWOULDBLOCK

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 93 of file ifaces\&.py\&.
.SS "def initialize ( self)"

.PP
.nf
initializes a udp socket bind()ed to self.sport 
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 88 of file ifaces\&.py\&.
.SS "def sendMessage ( self,  message,  recipients = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
sends the parameter message to each recipients in the recipients
list. If the function call argument is none, the class default is used.
Otherwise, the argument supercedes the list defined by the class

@param message A string to be sent over UDP to recipients
@param recipients A list of tuples of form (ipaddress, port) to send the
            message to

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 127 of file ifaces\&.py\&.
.SS "def shutdown ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Closes the socket created in initialize()
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 143 of file ifaces\&.py\&.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "MAX_UDP_DATA_LEN"

.PP
Definition at line 83 of file ifaces\&.py\&.
.SS "recipients"

.PP
Definition at line 85 of file ifaces\&.py\&.
.SS "sock"

.PP
Definition at line 90 of file ifaces\&.py\&.
.SS "sport"

.PP
Definition at line 84 of file ifaces\&.py\&.
.SS "timeout"

.PP
Definition at line 86 of file ifaces\&.py\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for VirtualSCADA from the source code\&.
