.TH "PortLogger" 3 "Tue Apr 14 2015" "Version 1.0" "VirtualSCADA" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
PortLogger \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits Thread, and object\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBmake_symlinks\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBstart_log\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBlog_packet\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBrun\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBstop\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBport_names\fP (self)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbaud\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISet up baud rate delay for ptys\&. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBemulate\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbyte_delay\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmasters\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICreate Pseudoterminals\&. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBslaves\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBserials\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICreate symlinks to the slave ports before adding serial objects\&. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBserial_fds\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmasters_to_slaves\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBleader\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfollowers\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrs485_mode\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdone\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlog\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIStart logging\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBBUF_LEN\fP = 1024"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
Port logger objects create two or more connected pseudoterminal devices 
    that are connected together; each write to any of the devices is logged.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def __init__ ( self,  number_of_ports = \fC2\fP,  logfile = \fCNone\fP,  symlinks = \fCNone\fP,  ports = \fCNone\fP,  baud = \fC9600\fP,  force_symlinks = \fCFalse\fP,  emulate = \fCFalse\fP,  rs485 = \fCFalse\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Creates the portLogger object. 
self. masters and self.slaves hold file descriptors of corresponding
master and slave sides of the pseudoterminals.
@param numberOfPorts Number of pseudoterminals to create. Default is 2.
@param logfile Name of the logfile. 
@param symlinks Iterable of filenames to symlink the slaves to
@param ports List of filenames of physical serial ports to connect&log 
@param baud Baud rate for the links. If pty is used, a wait is used to
    simulate transmission times.
@param emulate Emulate a baud rate delay for communicating between
@param rs485 RS-485 emulation. If true, the first pty is selected to 
        broadcast to other
        ports, and other ports only send responses to the first
        pty. 
pseudoterminal devices. Serial ports are unaffected.
@param force_symlinks If true, if a file name given to
            be created as a symlink is already a link, a new 
            link will be forced in its place. If it exists and 
            is not a link, the program will halt.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def log_packet ( self,  port_fd,  packet,  timestamp = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Writes a packet entry to the log
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 135 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "def make_symlinks ( self,  symlinks,  force_symlinks = \fCFalse\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Creates symlinks from the names of the slave ptys to the targets
    in the iterable symlinks. This is useful to have constant names 
    for the ports created with the port logger. There is no guarantee
    that a given pty will be linked to a specific symlink.
    @param symlinks Iterable of filenames to symlink the slaves to.
    @param force_symlinks If true, if a file name given to
            be created as a symlink is already a link, a new 
            link will be forced in its place. If it exists and 
            is not a link, the program will halt.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 106 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "def port_names ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Returns a list of filenames of ports made available by this 
    object.
    @returns a list of filenames
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 185 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "def run ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Function that executes when this thread is started.
    run() listens to on all pty objects and echoes incoming data
    to all other ports.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 144 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "def start_log ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Writes a header to the log file
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 128 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "def stop ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Stops execution of the logger. The logger is closed and the 
    thread exits
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 177 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "baud"

.PP
Set up baud rate delay for ptys\&. 
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "int BUF_LEN = 1024\fC [static]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 36 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "byte_delay"

.PP
Definition at line 62 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "done"

.PP
Definition at line 96 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "emulate"

.PP
Definition at line 61 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "followers"

.PP
Definition at line 92 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "leader"

.PP
Definition at line 91 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "log"

.PP
Start logging\&. 
.PP
Definition at line 101 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "masters"

.PP
Create Pseudoterminals\&. 
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "masters_to_slaves"

.PP
Definition at line 86 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "rs485_mode"

.PP
Definition at line 93 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "serial_fds"

.PP
Definition at line 81 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "serials"

.PP
Create symlinks to the slave ports before adding serial objects\&. Create serial objects 
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file portlogger\&.py\&.
.SS "slaves"

.PP
Definition at line 67 of file portlogger\&.py\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for VirtualSCADA from the source code\&.
