.TH "String" 3 "Tue Apr 14 2015" "Version 1.0" "VirtualSCADA" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
String \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBunvis\fP ($input)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBUNVIS_RX\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBunvisReplace\fP ($match)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBString\fP utility methods\&.
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
ju1ius 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 19 of file String\&.php\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static unvis ( $input)\fC [static]\fP"
Decodes a string encoded by libsd's strvis\&.
.PP
From \fCman 3 vis\fP:
.PP
Use an ‘M’ to represent meta characters (characters with the 8th bit set), and use a caret ‘^’ to represent control characters (see iscntrl(3))\&. The following formats are used: 
.PP
.nf
 \040    Represents ASCII space.

 \240    Represents Meta-space (&nbsp in HTML).

 \M-C    Represents character ‘C’ with the 8th bit set.
         Spans characters ‘\241’ through ‘\376’.

 \M^C    Represents control character ‘C’ with the 8th bit set.
         Spans characters ‘\200’ through ‘\237’, and ‘\377’ (as ‘\M^?’).

 \^C     Represents the control character ‘C’.
         Spans characters ‘\000’ through ‘\037’, and ‘\177’ (as ‘\^?’).

.fi
.PP
.PP
The other formats are supported by \fBPHP\fP's stripcslashes, except for the  sequence (ASCII space)\&.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$input\fP The string to decode\&.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 62 of file String\&.php\&.
.SS "static unvisReplace ( $match)\fC [static]\fP, \fC [protected]\fP"
Callback for \fBString::unvis\fP\&.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$match\fP The matches passed by preg_replace_callback
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 76 of file String\&.php\&.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const UNVIS_RX"
\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
= <<<'EOS'
/
    \\(?:
        ((?:040)|s)
        | (240)
        | (?: M-(\&.) )
        | (?: M\^(\&.) )
        | (?: \^(\&.) )
    )
/xS
EOS
.fi
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file String\&.php\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for VirtualSCADA from the source code\&.
