.TH "Simulation" 3 "Tue Apr 14 2015" "Version 1.0" "VirtualSCADA" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Simulation \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBreadConfig\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBstep\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpump_on_derivative\fP (self, t)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpump_off_derivative\fP (self, t)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpump_on_inverse\fP (self, level)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpump_off_inverse\fP (self, level)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconfig\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpen ConfigFile\&. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBinterface\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsimState\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpump_list\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
This class obtains simulation information from a configuration file,
    sets up a simulation state, provides a method to step the simulation
    forward in time.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file simulation\&.py\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def __init__ ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Constructor for the simulation class. Calls readConfig() and 
creates an initial simulation state.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file simulation\&.py\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def pump_off_derivative ( self,  t)"

.PP
Definition at line 113 of file simulation\&.py\&.
.SS "def pump_off_inverse ( self,  level)"

.PP
.nf
Returns a time associated with the time/level curve.
Code generated by Mathematica.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 130 of file simulation\&.py\&.
.SS "def pump_on_derivative ( self,  t)"

.PP
.nf
Returns the rate of change in the level at a given time
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file simulation\&.py\&.
.SS "def pump_on_inverse ( self,  level)"

.PP
.nf
Returns a time associated with the time/level curve.
Code generated by Mathematica.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 116 of file simulation\&.py\&.
.SS "def readConfig ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Opens and parses the configuration file in the local directory. The
    results are available in self.config .
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file simulation\&.py\&.
.SS "def step ( self,  upto = \fCNone\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Function that modifies the simulation state from the curent
simulation state to the time given in parameter upto.

@param upto Time to simulate from simState['simtime'] to upto.
    upto should be a float in the format of the time.time()
    call -- i.e. unix time. If upto is None, the current time 
    will be used.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file simulation\&.py\&.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "config"

.PP
Open ConfigFile\&. 
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file simulation\&.py\&.
.SS "interface"

.PP
Definition at line 52 of file simulation\&.py\&.
.SS "pump_list"

.PP
Definition at line 60 of file simulation\&.py\&.
.SS "simState"

.PP
Definition at line 57 of file simulation\&.py\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for VirtualSCADA from the source code\&.
