.TH "sims.rtupipe.vdevs" 3 "Tue Apr 14 2015" "Version 1.0" "VirtualSCADA" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
sims.rtupipe.vdevs \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpidd_controller\fP (value, setpoint, gain, reset_time, rate_time, deadband, full, zero, cycle_time, manual_mode_output, motor_output_enabled, output, old_value, older_value, old_error, last_run_time, on_time)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBslave\fP (points, args, kwds)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBmaster_delay_time\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBmaster_proper\fP (points, clients, args, kwds)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmaster\fP = \fBmaster_proper\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def sims\&.rtupipe\&.vdevs\&.master_delay_time ()"

.PP
.nf
This function models the variable processing delay using a piecewise
    probabilistic approximation.
    @returns Amount of time to sleep before completing master logic call
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 176 of file vdevs\&.py\&.
.SS "def sims\&.rtupipe\&.vdevs\&.master_proper ( points,  clients,  args,  kwds)"

.PP
.nf
Function implementing the master functionality emulating the ladder logic
    as closely as possible.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 188 of file vdevs\&.py\&.
.SS "def sims\&.rtupipe\&.vdevs\&.pidd_controller ( value,  setpoint,  gain,  reset_time,  rate_time,  deadband,  full,  zero,  cycle_time,  manual_mode_output,  motor_output_enabled,  output,  old_value,  older_value,  old_error,  last_run_time,  on_time)"

.PP
.nf
Implements the digital PID controller block for a Control Microsystems
PLC. The functionality is described on page 307 of the Telepace User Manual.
All arguments are Point-type objects. In the Control Microsystems memory
model, all the listed registers are floating points and are contiguous and
consecutive in memory. The arguments are listed in the order in which they
appear in memory, so a list of these variables in memory order can be 
provided as the argument list.
The parameters match directly with the descriptions in the manual. 
@returns A tuple of booleans of form (increase, decrease), where if increase
            is true, the process value should be increased, and if decrease
            is true, the process value should be decreased.

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file vdevs\&.py\&.
.SS "def sims\&.rtupipe\&.vdevs\&.slave ( points,  args,  kwds)"

.PP
Definition at line 86 of file vdevs\&.py\&.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "master = \fBmaster_proper\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 297 of file vdevs\&.py\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for VirtualSCADA from the source code\&.
