.TH "procvar" 3 "Tue Apr 14 2015" "Version 1.0" "VirtualSCADA" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
procvar \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcurrentValue\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnextValue\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBwhenToUpdate\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBvarType\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBupdated\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBINTERNAL\fP = 'INTERNAL'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBOUTPUT\fP = 'OUTPUT'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBINPUT\fP = 'INPUT'"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.PP
.nf
@brief This class is used to maintain process variables during the simulation
   @deprecated Using a simpler simulator design

.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file simulator\&.py\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def __init__ ( self,  currentValue = \fCNone\fP,  nextValue = \fCNone\fP,  whenToUpdate = \fCNone\fP,  updated = \fCFalse\fP,  varType = \fC'\fBINTERNAL\fP'\fP)"

.PP
.nf
Declares and initializes variables for the procvar object
   @deprecated
   @param currentValue The present value in the simulation.
   @param nextValue If an update needs to be simulated, this
    is the value the process variable will become at time
    <code>updateTime</code>
   @param whenToUpdate If the value of this variable will change due to 
    an outside update, this is the simulation time when the 
    update should occur.
   @param varType Should be a string indicating if the type is INTERNAL,
    an INPUT, or an OUTPUT. Internal variables are only used by
    the simulator. Inputs are set by the virtual devices.
    Outputs are set by the simulator and read by the virtual 
    devices. If a variable type is an OUTPUT,
    and if the value changes during a simulation step 
    (updated == True), the value
    will be sent to all virtual devices at the end of the 
    simulation step. Acceptible values are procvar.INTERNAL,
    procvar.OUTPUT, and procvar.INPUT .
   @param updated Set True if an output value changed during the
            simulation.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file simulator\&.py\&.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "currentValue"

.PP
Definition at line 59 of file simulator\&.py\&.
.SS "string INPUT = 'INPUT'\fC [static]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 33 of file simulator\&.py\&.
.SS "string INTERNAL = 'INTERNAL'\fC [static]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 31 of file simulator\&.py\&.
.SS "nextValue"

.PP
Definition at line 60 of file simulator\&.py\&.
.SS "string OUTPUT = 'OUTPUT'\fC [static]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line 32 of file simulator\&.py\&.
.SS "updated"

.PP
Definition at line 63 of file simulator\&.py\&.
.SS "varType"

.PP
Definition at line 62 of file simulator\&.py\&.
.SS "whenToUpdate"

.PP
Definition at line 61 of file simulator\&.py\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for VirtualSCADA from the source code\&.
